rtspmodule
==========

RTSP SERVER MODULE – BBWATCH APPLICATION 

Description

Purpose of the rtsp server module is to provide a basic baseline for rtsp video server functionality.  
This module has been designed for embedded Linux devices. The module runs at the user space.

Prerequirements

The module requires GStreamer installed in the working environment. GStreamer is a library for constructing graphs of media-handling components. 

Details:

As an example BBWatch (aka Baby CAM) application has been implemented by using CAMMODULE and RTSPMODULE generated by ECE Engineering. BBWatch basically streams the camera picture to any RTSP client such as VLC available in PC, laptops or mobile phones. The source codes are available in GitHub and open to everyone interested.

    Programming Language:   C
    Compiler:               GCC
    Test Platform(s):       ARM Cortex-A8 h/w
                            ARM Cortex-A9 h/w
    Test OS:                Linux Ubuntu
                            Linux Debian

  CAMMODULE Details: https://github.com/eceengineering/cammodule
  
  Important Note:
  
  Encoder related parameters need to be set correctly in order to get the streaming pipeline constructed with success. So, please use "gst-inspect" command to investigate available video encoder and rtp plugins of GStreamer installed in your environment.

  Input:
  
    - Initialization parameters
    - Video frame data
    - See rtspmodule.h

  Output:
  
    - The server is accessible in rtsp://127.0.0.1:8554/bbwatch link.

  Sequence:
  
    Init()    - To initialize the module 
    Start()   - To start streaming server
    SetData() - To provide video data to the streamer
    Close()   - To close the module	

  Source Code:
  
    Repo Link: https://github.com/eceengineering/rtspmodule

  How to Build and Run:
  
    Build:$make
    Run:  $./Test.sh
